---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

# Speaker recognition

Automatic speaker recognition project aims to recognize individual
people (verification task) in a data base from their voices. I worked
on the machine learning and also on the preprocessing voice separation
algorithms.

Developed machine learning (Bayesian classifier) and pre-processing
voice separation, and silence removal algorithms (Matlab) for
Automatic Speaker Recognition (verification task) project that aims to
recognize people by voice. The project was sold to Start-up

# Crop Recognition and Crop date determination

Crop Recognition and Automatic Determination of the Planting Date
project which analyzes satellite images in order to determine planting
dates and the crops planted in producing regions.

# Wrinkle Analysis

I developed an image processing algorithm to extract facial
wrinkles. A score was attributed to the wrinkles and these data were
correlated with medical data in order to determine skin age.

It was a marketing project that was being developed for a cosmetic
company to recommend products to their clients based on their skin
age.

# Magnetic noise attenuation system

Magnetic noise attenuation system: In this project, I designed a
compensation coil in order to reduce magnetic noise in magnetic
resonance scanner room. Also, I worked on the implementation of the
attenuation algorithm.

# RAoP

# Kaggle Liberty

# Virtual Eye (VEye)

Project developed during my MSc. I developed a computational framework
in C++ capable to reproduce the optical and physiological phenomena of
the human visual system. To accomplish that, I worked by manipulating
3d meshes using algorithms such as "door-in doo-out", developed
realistic ray traces algorithms and schematics models of the human eye
was built and in addition in-vivo data obtained from corneal
topography machine was introduced in these models allowing the
framework to determine optical properties of real cornea's topologies
such as power and high order aberrations using Zernikeâ€™s
polynomials. The obtained results agree with related work in
literature and simulations with in-vivo data are according with the
results produced by a commercial wave-front device.

You can find my thesis
[here.](http://www.teses.usp.br/teses/disponiveis/55/55134/tde-09052008-161636/en.php)


The images below illustrate VEye's simulation where ray trace
algorithm is used to form a retinal image of the object in the scene
(Lena's image) in a schematic eye model.


<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/proj_cone_a.png" alt="Virtual eye: ray trace">

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/proj_cone_b.png" alt="Virtual eye: ray trace lateral view">

The next picture is the image formed in the retina of the schematic
eye model where the in-vivo cornea has **ceratocone** and health
cornea.


<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/lena_normal.png" alt="Lena normal" width="400" height="400">

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/lena_ceratocone.png" alt="Lena normal" width="400" height="400">
